a friend of youtube like a prepared
to be one of the stars and have already
prepared already ready only modifying what
that was done
listening
and what I love
more here I hit you and we're going to go and
we hope the five are advertising
advertising
it is compatible 1.5 points 2
if it's 1.5 points, I think it 's the
1.5 I think yes we'll see
in exchange for the archives
so would the downloads
part
A) Yes
as the download
in right extract this star
and else
and we open minecraft better
different in that folder
important
is here you go here the only thing you have
what to do is
Well, no
what
very chic I'm here
you should not have windows 7
Y
we can enter
at home
it may be that we do not
and to the check
with l put nothing at all
here
one like others that ccm ip
the local network is going to be address
and this is your address ip 192 points 168
points 1.7 saying those things here
is it so
also player we are easy this
false work
the in save
that day there they are
and you go to a party was prepared the
high mix as a record matches
there are more players a record of
I would like
in the center of the group manager do not
modify
the problems do not change them it's about
twins and with them to work in
Spanish and barbarian
if you stay
and troops and of April malanzán and bilge and
of this role
it's a mistake but if so, we're
load us
swimming
efe
it has containment because it is rendered
illustrated
15.23 to land
it is possible by modifying more age
this plate
update the objects in Spanish of
League in English
do not
makes me
d
and
does not have
You have
and password once in good if you
you are with the team
I do not know if it's any video
what you can not enter this practice
Y
a start command
this what is normal is our study what
is
s
the team of more and modifying seeing a
some back
so it's kind of a shopping tutorial
etc
what does not end
the game will play
so is
and federal
the archer and be but that's how it is
now it would begin in the game and only
I'm giving a minute of invisibility and
Then he can kill you
and multiplied the messages possesses is
a player to be good
while the processes more sites go to
see here there are few people talking a
little science both
how
how to download
as what has been prepared with you
one in a
hunger games' not like others who are with
the greeting here I am different
with a like thank you seven more steps
cultural or may be
how
after putting this video where the
functional tracking drips an error
to help god